make sure to install webdriver on your device to run this script

1) Importing Necessary Modules:

Importing modules such as smtplib for sending emails, EmailMessage for creating email messages, and selenium for web scraping.

2) Parsing Time Remaining:

A function parse_time_remaining is defined to convert the time remaining string into total hours. It considers both days and hours in the time string.

3)Sending Email:

The send_email function is defined to send emails using the smtplib module. It requires a subject and body for the email, and it sends the email to a specified recipient. for login Id :- you gmail will work and for password you have to generate a app password first by enabling 2 factor auth on your gmal id and then go to the app password generation option or just type it on google to gen a pass for mailing.

4)Web Scraping with Selenium:

Using Selenium, a headless browser is initiated, and the script logs into the IIT Mandi LMS platform.
It extracts course names and links from the dashboard (my courses) and stores them in the course_data dictionary.

5)Iterating Over Courses:

For each course, the script navigates to the course page and extracts assignment links.
For each assignment link, it checks the submission status and time remaining.

6)Checking Submission Status and Time Remaining:

If no submissions have been made, and the assignment is not overdue, it checks the time remaining.
If the time remaining is less than or equal to 6 hours, it sends a reminder email.
If the time remaining is greater than 6 hours, it schedules a reminder for the specified time before the deadline.

7) Handling Overdue Assignments:

If an assignment is overdue and no submissions have been made, it sends an email indicating the overdue status with course name and assignment name.

8) Email Content and Recipient:

The email content includes the assignment title and a reminder message. Emails are sent to a specified recipient email address.





# here i also send the the email if time remain is more than 6 also.
   we can change it and to make this script to send mails 6 hrs before deadline by making this script to run at a time before 6 hrs before the deadline means at around 6 pm as most of our assignment deadlines are at 12 am.

use cron jobs for linux like i use din challenge 3

and task schedule for windows.
            